capital = 608

set_country_flag = prc_leader_change_1960
set_country_flag = prc_leader_change_1973
set_country_flag = focus_tree_60_reset
set_country_flag = focus_tree_73_reset

####PRC显示国策变量####
set_variable = { PRC_focus_tree_var = 0 }
set_variable = { PRC_49_60_focus_var = 0 }
set_variable = { PRC_new_democracy_focus_var = 0 }
set_variable = { PRC_G_G_focus_var  = 0 }
####PRC显示国策变量####

1945.8.10 = {
	set_country_flag = PRC_Seventh_Central_Committe_of_CPC
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = PRC_Leadership_of_CPC
	}
	PRC_CCCPC_gui_startup = yes
	add_named_threat = { 
		threat = 5
		name = "Chinese_Civi_War_TT"
	}		
}

1946.1.1 = {
	declare_war_on = {
		target = CHI
		type = civil_war
	}
}
set_country_flag = weapon_purchasing_CUM_permit
set_country_flag = weapon_purchasing_MAO_permit
add_ideas = {
#
#	Major_Power_Spy_Bonus
#
#	policy_military_temp_3
#	policy_welfare_temp_1
#	policy_cpi_temp_1
#	policy_education_temp_1
#	policy_healthcare_temp_0
#	policy_services_temp_0
#	policy_taxrate_temp_3
	
	#policy_voting_temp_1
	policy_media_temp_1
	policy_women_temp_4
	policy_minorities_temp_3
	policy_religion_temp_0a
	policy_saga_temp_1
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }

set_popularities = { 
	democratic = 3
	communism = 2
	fascism = 0
	nationalist = 4
	monarchism = 0
	neutrality = 12
	islamism = 0
	radical_shiaism = 0
		
	Social_Democratic = 6
	Social_Liberalism = 2
	Salafism = 0
	Liberal_Conservatism = 4
	conservative = 1
	Christian_Democratic = 1
	socialist = 4
	centrist = 3
	liberal = 2
	trotskyism = 9
	maoism = 47	
}

set_convoys = 24
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.45

set_cosmetic_tag = CPC

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = maoism
	last_election = "1945.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = PRC_Unknown_character
recruit_character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
recruit_character = PRC_Zhu_De
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Ming
recruit_character = PRC_Peng_Dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_Liu_Bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Yi
recruit_character = PRC_Lin_Biao
recruit_character = PRC_Luo_Ronghuan
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_He_Long
recruit_character = PRC_Nie_Rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_Ye_Jianying
recruit_character = PRC_Su_Yu
recruit_character = PRC_Huang_Kecheng
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Geng
recruit_character = PRC_Luo_Ruiqing
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Guangda
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Haidong
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Shusheng
recruit_character = PRC_Hong_Xuezhi
recruit_character = PRC_Deng_Hua
recruit_character = PRC_Yang_Chengwu
recruit_character = PRC_Yang_Dezhi
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Shiyou
recruit_character = PRC_Tan_Zheng
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Xilian
recruit_character = PRC_Yang_Yong
recruit_character = PRC_Huang_Yongsheng
recruit_character = PRC_He_Bingyan
recruit_character = PRC_Xie_Fuzhi
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Zaidao
recruit_character = PRC_Ye_Fei
recruit_character = PRC_Xiao_Jinguang
recruit_character = PRC_Han_Xianchu
recruit_character = PRC_Xiao_Hua
recruit_character = PRC_Li_Zuopeng
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Bicheng
recruit_character = PRC_Su_Zhenhua
recruit_character = PRC_Zhang_Zongxun
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Zhen
#recruit_character = PRC_Seypidin_Eziz
#recruit_character = PRC_Lin_Liguo
recruit_character = PRC_Liu_Shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_Peng_Zhen
recruit_character = PRC_Liao_Chengzhi
recruit_character = PRC_An_Ziwen
recruit_character = PRC_Zhang_Aiping
recruit_character = PRC_Jiang_Qing
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Hongwen
recruit_character = PRC_Mao_Yuanxin
recruit_character = PRC_Zhu_Kejia
recruit_character = PRC_Hua_Guofeng
recruit_character = PRC_Ji_Dengkui
recruit_character = PRC_Ni_Zhifu
recruit_character = PRC_Wu_Guixian
recruit_character = PRC_Deng_Xiaoping
recruit_character = PRC_Hu_Yaobang
recruit_character = PRC_Zhao_Ziyang
recruit_character = PRC_Jiang_Zemin
recruit_character = PRC_Hu_Jintao
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Liangyu
recruit_character = PRC_Zhang_Bojun
recruit_character = PRC_Peng_Shuzhi
recruit_character = PRC_song_qingling
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Qiyou
recruit_character = PRC_Huang_Yanpei
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Deyan
recruit_character = PRC_Independent
recruit_character = PRC_Zhang_Lan
recruit_character = PRC_CPC_Moderates
recruit_character = PRC_CPC_New_Democrats
recruit_character = PRC_CPC_Reformist

add_to_array = {
    array = SOV.disputed_countries
    value = this
}
    
1949.4.20 = {
	complete_national_focus = PRC_50s_Launch_The_Crossing_Yangtze_River_Campaign

	oob = "PRC_1949"

    set_research_slots = 3

    if = {
	    limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns"}
	    set_technology = {
		    detection_ww = 1
		    ww_armaments = 1
		    ww_screens = 1
	    }
    }

    set_technology = {

        ##### INFRA #####
	    ww_infra = 1
        basic_train = 1


        ##Infantry##
	
	    infantry_equip_1 = 1 
	    team_weapons_1 = 1
	    ammo_explosives_1 = 1
	    squad_weapons_1 = 1
	    specialist_1 = 1
	    hmg_1 = 1
	    heavy_artillery_1 = 1
	    special_operations = 1 
	    mountain_warfare_1 = 1
	    amphibious_warfare_1 = 1
	    airborne_operations_1 = 1
	    army_sp_forces_1 = 1
	
        ##Support##
	
	    tech_support = 1
	    combat_support = 1
	    tech_engineers = 1
	    tech_recon = 1
	    tech_military_police = 1
	
	    combat_service_support = 1
	    tech_field_hospital = 1
	    tech_logistics_company = 1
	
        ##Armor##

	    iw_armored_vehicles = 1
	    light_tanks_1 = 1
	    light_tanks_2 = 1
	    main_battle_tanks = 1
	    heavy_tanks_1 = 1
	
	    mechanized_infantry = 1
	    mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	    mechanized_heavy_infantry = 1
	    motorised_infantry = 1
	
	    sp_rocket1 = 1
	
        ##Artillery##
	
	    autocannon_1 = 1
	    spaag_1 = 1
	
	    artillery_1 = 1
	    light_artillery_1 = 1
	    sp_artillery_1 = 1
	    heavy_artillery_1 = 1
	    light_sp_artillery_1 = 1
	    heavy_sp_artillery_1 = 1
	    sp_rocket1 = 1
	
	    direct_fire_gun_1 = 1
	    tank_destroyer_1 = 1
	
        ##Land Doc##
	
        ##Naval##
	
	
	

        ##Naval Doc##
	
        ##Light Air##

	    early_fighter = 1
	
	    CAS1 = 1
	    CAS2 = 1
	    CAS3 = 1

	    fighter1 = 1
	    fighter2 = 1
	    fighter3 = 1

	    heavy_fighter1 = 1
	    heavy_fighter2 = 1
	    heavy_fighter3 = 1
	
        ##Air##

	    early_bomber = 1

	    naval_bomber1 = 1
	    naval_bomber2 = 1

	    tactical_bomber1 = 1
	    tactical_bomber2 = 1
	    tactical_bomber3 = 1
	
        ##Air Doc##
	
        ##Helicopters##
	
        ##Engineering##
	
	    radio = 1 
	
        ##Industry##
	
	
        ##Rocketry##

	    rocket_engines = 1
	    jet_engines = 1
	
        ##Space##
	

        ##WMD##

    }


    add_timed_idea = {
	    idea = civil_war_fervor
	    days = 365
    }

    init_influence = yes
    set_variable = { var = domestic_influence_amount value = 10000 }
}

1949.5.22 = {
	PRC_Social_Class_startup = yes
	
	add_ideas = {
		PRC_50s_People_s_War_of_Liberation
		#SOV_government_corruption_endemic
		PRC_50s_Economic_ruin_caused_by_war_1
		PRC_50s_Imperialist_forces
		PRC_50s_Illiteracy_everywhere_1
		international_credibility_3
		agrarian_bourgeoisie_1
		closed_economy
		extensive_conscription
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		PRC_50s_Administration_Integration_5
		PRC_Blockade_by_the_Unite_States_Navy
		#PRC_AIM_1
		#PRC_EIM_1
		#PRC_NDM_Army_1
		#PRC_NDM_Air_1
		#PRC_NDM_Naval_1
		#PRC_STM_1
	}
	

    set_variable = { PLAGF_experience_gain_army = 0 }           #每日陆军经验
	set_variable = { PLAGF_land_doctrine_cost_factor = 0.25 }      #陆军学说花费
	set_variable = { PLAGF_command_power_gain_mult = 0.1 }        #每日指挥点获取
	set_variable = { PLAGF_max_command_power = 30 }                #最大指挥点
	set_variable = { PLAGF_land_reinforce_rate = 0.03 }            #增员率
	set_variable = { PLAGF_training_time_army_factor = -0.15 }     #训练时间
	set_variable = { PLAGF_command_abilities_cost_factor = -0.25 }  #将领指令花费
    
	set_variable = { PLAGF_supply_consumption_factor = -0.1 }      #补给消耗
	set_variable = { PLAGF_no_supply_grace = 72 }                  #携行补给

	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_morale_factor = 0.15 }              #组织度恢复
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_org_factor = -0.1 }                #组织度
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_speed_factor = 0.05 }               #陆军速度
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_armor_attack_factor = -0.15 }      #装甲单位攻击
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_armor_defence_factor = -0.15 }     #装甲单位防御
	set_variable = { PLAGF_mechanized_attack_factor = -0.15 }      #机械化单位进攻
	set_variable = { PLAGF_mechanized_defence_factor = -0.15 }     #机械化单位防御
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_infantry_attack_factor = 0.1 }     #步兵单位进攻
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_infantry_defence_factor = 0.1 }    #步兵单位防御
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_artillery_attack_factor = -0.05 }  #炮兵单位进攻
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_artillery_defence_factor = -0.05 } #炮兵单位防御
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_attack_factor = 0.025 }             #部队攻击
	set_variable = { PLAGF_army_defence_factor = 0.025 }            #部队防御
	set_variable = { PLAGF_breakthrough_factor = 0.025 }             #突破
	set_variable = { PLAGF_recon_factor = 0.05 }                   #侦查
	set_variable = { PLAGF_land_night_attack = -0.1 }             #夜间攻击惩罚
	set_variable = { PLAGF_coordination_bonus = 0 }                #协同率
	set_variable = { PLAGF_equipment_capture_factor = 0.2 }       #装备缴获
	set_variable = { PLAGF_combat_width_factor = 0 }              #战宽
	set_variable = { PLAGF_terrain_penalty_reduction = -0.2 }      #地形惩罚
	set_variable = { PLAGF_max_dig_in_factor = 0.05 }                #堑壕上限
	set_variable = { PLAGF_dig_in_speed_factor = 0.1 }             #堑壕速度
	set_variable = { PLAGF_experience_loss_factor = 0.1 }          #战斗损失经验
	set_variable = { PLAGF_max_planning_factor = 0.05 }            #计划上限
	set_variable = { PLAGF_planning_speed = 0.05 }                #计划速度
    
	add_dynamic_modifier = { 
		modifier = PRC_PLA_Ground_Force 
	}
    


	set_variable = { PLAN_experience_gain_navy = -0.05 }             #每日海军经验
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_doctrine_cost_factor = 0.5 }       #海军学说花费
	set_variable = { PLAN_refit_ic_cost = 0 }                    #海军改装花费
	set_variable = { PLAN_refit_speed = 0.1 }                      #海军改装速度
	set_variable = { PLAN_repair_speed_factor = 0 }              #船只修理速度
	set_variable = { PLAN_industrial_capacity_dockyard = -0.25 } #海军船坞产出

	set_variable = { PLAN_invasion_preparation = 0.25 }             #登陆准备时间
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_invasion_prep_speed = -0.6 }        #登陆速度
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_invasion_penalty = 0.5 }           #登陆惩罚
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_invasion_capacity = -10 }          #登陆作战上限
    
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_max_range_factor = -0.25 }            #海军最大航程
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_org = -0.1 }                         #海军组织度
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_morale  = -0.1 }                    #海军组织度恢复速率
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_accidents_chance = 0.25 }           #事故几率
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_retreat_chance = 0 }             #撤退命令几率
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_speed_factor = 0 }               #海军速度
	set_variable = { PLAN_convoy_escort_efficiency = 0 }         #运输护航效率
	set_variable = { PLAN_night_spotting_chance = 0 }            #夜间索敌
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_night_attack = 0 }               #海军夜间攻击
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_weather_penalty = 0 }             #恶劣天气惩罚
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_anti_air_attack_factor = 0 }      #海军对空攻击
	set_variable = { PLAN_critical_receive_chance = 0 }          #遭受致命一击的概率
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_critical_score_chance_factor = 0 }#打出致命一击的概率
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_submarine_attack_factor = 0 }     #潜艇攻击
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_submarine_defence_factor = 0 }    #潜艇防御
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_torpedo_hit_chance_factor = 0 }  #鱼雷命中几率
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_torpedo_reveal_chance_factor = 0 }#鱼雷暴露几率
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_detection = 0 }                  #海军探测
	set_variable = { PLAN_naval_mine_hit_chance = 0 }            #水雷触发率
	set_variable = { PLAN_mines_planting_by_fleets_factor = 0 }  #海军布雷效率
	set_variable = { PLAN_mines_sweeping_by_fleets_factor = 0 }  #海军扫雷效率
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_screen_attack_factor = 0 }        #屏卫舰攻击
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_screen_defence_factor = 0 }       #屏卫舰防御
	set_variable = { PLAN_screening_efficiency = 0 }             #屏卫效率
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_capital_ship_attack_factor = 0 }  #主力舰攻击
	set_variable = { PLAN_navy_capital_ship_defence_factor = 0 } #主力舰防御

	add_dynamic_modifier = { 
		modifier = PRC_PLA_Navy 
	}
    


	set_variable = { PLAAF_experience_gain_air = -0.05 }         #每日空军经验
    set_variable = { PLAAF_air_doctrine_cost_factor = 0.5 }        #空军学说花费
    
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_accidents_factor = 0.15 }            #空难概率
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_ace_generation_chance_factor = 0.1 }#王牌飞行员产生几率
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_attack_factor = 0 }               #空中攻击
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_defence_factor = 0 }              #空中防御
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_agility_factor = 0 }              #机动
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_range_factor = 0 }                #空军航程
	set_variable = { PLAAF_army_bonus_air_superiority_factor = 0 }#制空权
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_interception_detect_factor = 0 }  #拦截任务探测
	set_variable = { PLAAF_naval_strike_targetting_factor = -0.2 }  #对海瞄准
	set_variable = { PLAAF_port_strike = -0.16 }                     #港口袭击
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_cas_efficiency = 0  }             #密接支援任务
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_close_air_support_org_damage_factor = 0 }#密接支援任务飞机对陆军组织的伤害
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_bombing_targetting = 0 }          #对地轰炸瞄准
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_escort_efficiency = 0 }           #空军护航效率
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_intercept_efficiency = 0 }        #拦截任务效率
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_strategic_bomber_bombing_factor = 0 }#战略轰炸任务效率
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_superiority_efficiency = 0 }      #夺取制空权任务效率
	set_variable = { PLAAF_mines_planting_by_air_factor = 0 }    #空中布雷效率
	set_variable = { PLAAF_mines_planting_by_air_factor = 0 }    #空中扫雷效率
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_power_projection_factor = 0 }     #跨空域力量投射修正
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_weather_penalty = 0.2 }             #恶劣天气惩罚
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_wing_xp_loss_when_killed_factor = 0.1 }#空军联队受损时失去的经验
	set_variable = { PLAAF_air_night_penalty = 0.1 }               #夜间行动惩罚
	set_variable = { PLAAF_rocket_attack_factor = 0 }            #火箭伤害

	add_dynamic_modifier = { 
		modifier = PRC_PLA_Air_Force 
	} 

	complete_national_focus = PRC_50s_Unite_The_National_Bourgeoisie
}
1949.10.1 = {
	set_province_name = {
		id = 9843
		name = Beijing
	}
	drop_cosmetic_tag = yes	
	set_country_flag = PRC_Founding_of_New_China_flag
	#PRC_Pop_Unlock_effect = yes
}
1950.2.1 = {
	white_peace = CHI	#Superceding Comment: Was Causing a CTD in 1980 SWF # commented to avoid error in 1960 start ("white_peace: not valid before game start, such as in history scripts")
	#solution method
	#annex_country = {
	#	target = CHI
	#}
	CHI = {
		transfer_state = 1666
		transfer_state = 1006
		transfer_state = 593
		transfer_state = 524
		transfer_state = 1648
		transfer_state = 1547
	}
}
1955.1.1 = {
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
		civilian = { large = "GFX_large_portrait_Mao_Zedong_1955" }
	}
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Liu_Shaoqi
		civilian = { large = "GFX_large_portrait_Liu_Shaoqi_1955" }
	}
}
1960.1.1 = {
	remove_ideas = {
		PRC_50s_People_s_War_of_Liberation
		#SOV_government_corruption_endemic
		PRC_50s_Economic_ruin_caused_by_war_1
		PRC_50s_Imperialist_forces
		PRC_50s_Illiteracy_everywhere_1
		international_credibility_3
		agrarian_bourgeoisie_1
		closed_economy
		extensive_conscription
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		PRC_50s_Administration_Integration_5
		#PRC_AIM_1
		#PRC_EIM_1
		#PRC_NDM_Army_1
		#PRC_NDM_Air_1
		#PRC_NDM_Naval_1
		#PRC_STM_1
		SOV_government_corruption_endemic
	}
	add_ideas = {
		civilian_economy
		limited_exports
		#PRC_AIM_3
		#PRC_EIM_3
		#PRC_NDM_Army_3
		#PRC_NDM_Air_3
		#PRC_NDM_Naval_3
		#PRC_STM_3
	}

	set_temp_variable = { temp_class = 4 }
	PRC_class_removal = yes
	set_temp_variable = { temp_class = 7 }
	PRC_class_removal = yes

	add_trait = {
		character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
		ideology = mao_zedong_thought
		trait = Third_World_Champion
	}	
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
		civilian = { large = "GFX_large_portrait_Mao_Zedong_1960" }
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Liu_Shaoqi
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = mao_zedong_thought
			expire = "1974.1.1.1"
			traits = {
				Self-cultivation_of_the_Party_Members
			}
		}
	}
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Liu_Shaoqi
		civilian = { large = "GFX_large_portrait_Liu_Shaoqi_1960" }
	}
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Deng_Xiaoping
		civilian = { large = "GFX_large_portrait_Deng_Xiaoping_1956" }
	}
	oob = "PRC_1960"
	create_country_leader = {
		 name = "He Xiangning"
		 picture = "He_Xiangning.dds"
		 ideology = democratic_socialist
	}
	set_research_slots = 4
	set_technology = {

    ##### INFRA #####
	ww_infra = 1
        basic_train = 1

		heavy_artillery_1 = 1
		## Engineering + Industry ##
		ww_production = 1
		ww_construction = 1
		ww_oil = 1
		logistics_I = 1
		logistics_II = 1
		production_efficiency_I = 1
		production_efficiency_II = 1
		management_I = 1
		management_II = 1
		agriculture_I = 1
		civil_engineering_I = 1
		civil_engineering_II = 1
		excavation_I = 1
		materials_I = 1
		chemistry_I = 1
		ww_pc = 1
		hardware_I = 1
		hardware_II = 1
		hardware_III = 1
		software_I = 1
		software_II = 1
		radio = 1
		radar_0 = 1
		radar_I = 1
		coms_I = 1
		decryption_I = 1
		enc_I = 1

		## WMD ##
		NBC_research = 1
		nbc_nerve_weapon_0 = 1
		atomic_research = 1
		atomic_reactor_0 = 1
	
		rocket_engines = 1
		jet_engines = 1
		
		advanced_rocket_engines = 1
		srbm1 = 1
		srbm2 = 1

		## Space ##
		#liquid_propelled_rocket = 1
		#hybrid_propelled_rocket = 1
		
		## Helicopters & Missiles ##
		early_helicopter = 1
		utility_helicopter_1 = 1
		cruisemissile_0 = 1
		cruisemissile_1 = 1
		
		
		aam_short_range_0 = 1
		aam_long_range_0 = 1
		
		## Air ##
		early_bomber = 1
		early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		fighter2 = 1
		fighter3 = 1
		heavy_fighter1 = 1
		heavy_fighter2 = 1
		heavy_fighter3 = 1
		CAS1 = 1
		CAS2 = 1
		CAS3 = 1
		CAS4 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
		naval_bomber2 = 1
		naval_bomber3 = 1
		naval_bomber4 = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1
		strategic_bomber2 = 1
		strategic_bomber3 = 1
		tactical_bomber1 = 1
		tactical_bomber2 = 1
		tactical_bomber3 = 1
		jet_multirole1 = 1
		jet_multirole2 = 1
		jet_multirole3 = 1
		jet_multirole4 = 1
		jet_interceptor1 = 1
		jet_interceptor2 = 1
		jet_interceptor3 = 1
		jet_interceptor4 = 1
		jet_strategic_bomber1 = 1
		jet_strategic_bomber2 = 1
		jet_tactical_bomber1 = 1
		jet_tactical_bomber2 = 1
		transport1 = 1
		transport2 = 1
		transport3 = 1
		transport4 = 1
		transport5 = 1

		## Navy ##
		

		## Armor ## 
		iw_armored_vehicles = 1
		amphibious1 = 1
		amphibious2 = 1
		heavy_tanks_1 = 1
		heavy_tanks_2 = 1
		light_tanks_1 = 1
		light_tanks_2 = 1
		light_tanks_3 = 1
		light_tanks_4 = 1
		main_battle_tanks = 1
		main_battle_tanks_1 = 1
		main_battle_tanks_2 = 1
		main_battle_tanks_3 = 1

		mechanized_heavy_infantry = 1
		mechanized_heavy_infantry2 = 1
		mechanized_heavy_infantry3 = 1
		mechanized_infantry = 1
		mechanized_infantry2 = 1
		mechanized_infantry3 = 1
		mechanized_infantry4 = 1
		mechanized_infantry5 = 1
		tank_destroyer_1 = 1
		
		motorised_infantry = 1
		motorised_infantry_2 = 1
		motorised_infantry_3 = 1

		## Artillery ##
		artillery_1 = 1
		sp_artillery_1 = 1
		tank_destroyer_1 = 1
		spaag_1 = 1
		direct_fire_gun_1 = 1
		autocannon_1 = 1
		sp_rocket1 = 1
		sp_rocket2 = 1
		sp_rocket3 = 1
		
		## Infantry ##
		team_weapons_1 = 1
		team_weapons_2 = 1
		infantry_equip_1 = 1 
		infantry_equip_2 = 1
		specialist_1 = 1
		
		## Support ##
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		
	}
}
1966.8.8 = {
	promote_character = {
		character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
		ideology = mao_zedong_thought
	}
	add_trait = {
		character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
		ideology = mao_zedong_thought
		trait = Great_Helmsman
	}	
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
		civilian = { large = "GFX_large_portrait_Mao_Zedong_1966" }
	}
	set_country_flag = PRC_GPCR_begun
	#PRC_GPCR_begins = yes
}
1969.4.18 = {
    #load_focus_tree = PRC_70s
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
		civilian = { large = "GFX_large_portrait_Mao_Zedong_1969" }
	}
}
1969.7.1 = {
	#add_to_variable = { 714.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 9 }
	#add_to_variable = { 328.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 7 }
	#add_to_variable = { 716.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 5 }
	#add_to_variable = { 621.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 3 }
	#add_to_variable = { 616.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 6 }
	#add_to_variable = { 283.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 6 }
	#set_country_flag = PRC_Inner_Mongolia_69-79_administrative_division
	#PRC_GPCR_province_variable_update = yes
	#PRC_GPCR_ui_update = yes
	#PRC_GPCR_national_spirit_update = yes
}
1971.2.1 = {
	#complete_national_focus = the_fourth_five_year_plan
}
1971.9.13 = {
	#complete_national_focus = continue_the_constraction_of_the_third_tier_city_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = resumpition_of_railroad_construction_in_the_third_line_area
	#complete_national_focus = third_line_area_exploration_campaigns
	#complete_national_focus = relocation_of_university_clooeges_and_enterprises_to_the_india
	#complete_national_focus = continue_eight_sixteen_nuclear_military_project
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_prepare_the_war
	#complete_national_focus = PRC_70s_Army
	#complete_national_focus = PRC_70s_Navy
	#complete_national_focus = PRC_70s_Air_forced
	#complete_national_focus = Beyond_the_ionosphere

	#complete_national_focus = greeting_the_great_70s
	#complete_national_focus = symposium_of_the_Adminstrative_group_of_the_CMC_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = preparing_for_war_against_the_soviet_union_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = Dig_more_shelters_chaign_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = Evacuation_of_party_and_state_leaders_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = Vice_chairman_lins_order_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = One_strike_three_anti
	#complete_national_focus = The_Central_Working_Conference
	#complete_national_focus = purge_the_may_sixteenth_anti_revolution_elements_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = The_formation_of_the_university_of_worker_peasant_soldier_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = prc_70s_Expand_the_supply_of_consumer_goods
	#unlock_national_focus = discussion_on_the_reletion_or_abolition_of_the_chairmanship_ccc

	#complete_national_focus = Improve_people_s_welfare
	#complete_national_focus = Guarantee_urban_and_rural_transactions
	#complete_national_focus = Increase_scientific_research_expenditure
	#complete_national_focus = Northern_China_agricultural_conference
	#complete_national_focus = restore_agricultural_production
	#complete_national_focus = empphasis_on_sixty_article_regulations_for_agriculture
	#complete_national_focus = abolition_of_the_chairmanship
	#complete_national_focus = establishment_of_the_Central_Organizational_and_Propaganda_goup
	#complete_national_focus = The_criticize_of_Chen_and_focus_on_intra_party_discipline_campaign_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = Crackdown_on_members_of_linbiaos_bloc_within_the_PLA
	#complete_national_focus = northern_china_conference
	#complete_national_focus = rectification_of_the_current_state_of_education
	#complete_national_focus = strengthening_the_family_planning
	#unlock_national_focus = PRC_70s_chairman_maos_trip_to_southern_china

	set_country_flag = linbiao_dead

	#unlock_national_focus = linbiao_incident
}

1973.1.1 = {
	#complete_national_focus = set_up_working_conference_of_the_CMC
	#complete_national_focus = zhou_en_lai_preside_over_the_daily_work
	#complete_national_focus = the_criticize_of_lin_and_focus_on_intraparty_discipine_campaign_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Identify_LinBiao_group_as_far_right
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Consolidate_the_rule_of_the_PLA_over_local_areas
	#complete_national_focus = Promote_Deng_xiaoping_as_a_senior_advisor_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = developing_multiple_busness_model
	#complete_national_focus = withraw_decision_on_concentraiting_on_the_tasks_of_supporting_the_peasants_military_control_and_military_training
    #complete_national_focus = a_great_new_victory

	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Pay_attention_to_people_s_life
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Several_provisions_on_protecting_and_improving_the_environment
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Grain_saving_campaign
	#complete_national_focus = investment_in_electronic_industury_construction
	#complete_national_focus = build_hydropower_plants_in_rual_areas
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Continue_industrial_construction
	#complete_national_focus = yanshan_oil_renfinery
	#complete_national_focus = expansion_of_shipyards_in_coastal_areas
    #complete_national_focus = prc70s_Use_the_rivers_in_Southwest_China
	#complete_national_focus = construction_of_national_microwave_communication_network
	#complete_national_focus = development_of_CNC_machine_tools
    #complete_national_focus = prc70s_Reduce_the_price_of_drugs
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Implement_the_May_7th_instruction

	#unlock_national_focus = a_meet_with_edgar_snow
	#unlock_national_focus = Sino_US_trade_talk
	#unlock_national_focus = request_to_lift_the_embargo_decree_against_china
	#unlock_national_focus = taiwan_problems
	#unlock_national_focus = Nixons_shock
	#complete_national_focus = korean_penisula
	#complete_national_focus = continued_aid_to_DPRK
	#complete_national_focus = ninteen_seventy_two_japen_china_joint_communique
	#complete_national_focus = relations_with_african_countries
	#complete_national_focus = improve_relations_with_frican_countries
	#complete_national_focus = support_our_african_brothers
    #complete_national_focus = relations_with_west_asian_countries
	#complete_national_focus = Relations_with_soth_asian_countries
	#complete_national_focus = Relation_with_sotheast_asian_countries
	#complete_national_focus = Improve_relations_with_Thailand_democortic_goverment
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Continue_to_support_the_Communist_Party_of_Myanmar
	#unlock_national_focus = prc70s_Support_the_top_leaders_meeting_of_the_three_countries_and_the_Quartet
    #complete_national_focus = support_vietnams_struggle_against_US
	#complete_national_focus = Improve_relations_with_Thailand_democortic_goverment
	#complete_national_focus = support_the_communist_party_of_thailand
    
	retire_character = PRC_CPC_New_Democrats
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
		civilian = { large = "GFX_Mao_1973" }
	}
    add_ideas = {
		defcon_system_5
		armed_nation_nuke
	}
	add_nuclear_bombs = 100
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Zhu Yunshan"
		picture = "Zhu_Yunshan.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist
    }
}
1974.3.27 = {
    retire_character = PRC_Wang_Ming
}
1976.9.9 = {
	retire_character = PRC_mao_zedong
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Hua_Guofeng
		promote_leader = yes
	    country_leader = {
		    ideology = mao_zedong_thought
		    expire = "2008.1.1.1"
		    traits = {
				Wise_leader_Chairman_Hua		
		    }
	    }
	}
}
1977.8.12 = {
	remove_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Unknown_character
		ideology = market_socialism
	}
    add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Deng_Xiaoping
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = market_socialism
			expire = "1997.2.19.1"
			traits = {
				
			}
		}
	}
}
1978.12.22 = {
	set_popularities = { 
		democratic = 2
		communism = 6
		fascism = 0
		nationalist = 3
		monarchism = 0
		neutrality = 9
		islamism = 0
		radical_shiaism = 0
		Social_Democratic = 8
		Social_Liberalism = 0
		Salafism = 0
		Liberal_Conservatism = 0
		conservative = 0
		Christian_Democratic = 0
		socialist = 32
		centrist = 0
		liberal = 0
		trotskyism = 21
		maoism = 19
	}
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_Hua_Guofeng
		civilian = { large = "gfx/leaders/PRC/Hua_Guofeng_1979.png" }
	}
	PRC_Hua_Guofeng = {
		swap_country_leader_traits = {
			remove = Wise_leader_Chairman_Hua
			add = Wise_leader_Chairman_Hua_1
			ideology = mao_zedong_thought
		}
	}
}
1980.1.1 = {
	set_research_slots = 3
	oob = "PRC_1980"
	set_air_oob = PRC_1980_air
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_naval_oob = "PRC_1980_naval_mtg"
		else = {
			set_naval_oob = "PRC_1980_naval_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		#Naval Variants for OOB
		#Type 065 Jiangnan
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 051-class" # Destroyer
			type = screen_hull_heavy_1
			parent_version = 0
			name_group = MTG_PLACEHOLDER_FURRIES
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_air_radar_slot = A2A_navalradar_1
				fixed_ship_surface_radar_slot = maritime_ta_fcs_2
				fixed_sonar_slot = maritime_sonar_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = screen_engine_1
				fixed_ship_countermeasure_slot = countermeasures_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_armament_asm_0
				front_2_custom_slot = ship_SAM_mid_range_0
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_subkiller_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_armament_light_1
				rear_2_custom_slot = ship_armament_light_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 051 II-class" # Destroyer
			type = screen_hull_heavy_1
			parent_version = 0
			name_group = MTG_PLACEHOLDER_FURRIES
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_air_radar_slot = A2A_navalradar_2
				fixed_ship_surface_radar_slot = maritime_ta_fcs_3
				fixed_sonar_slot = maritime_sonar_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = screen_engine_1
				fixed_ship_countermeasure_slot = countermeasures_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_armament_asm_0
				front_2_custom_slot = ship_SAM_mid_range_0
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_subkiller_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_armament_light_2
				rear_2_custom_slot = ship_screen_aviation_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Anshan-class" # Destroyer (Antisub)
			type = screen_hull_heavy_ww
			parent_version = 0
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_surface_radar_slot = maritime_ta_fcs_0
				fixed_sonar_slot = sonar_ww
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = screen_engine_ww
				fixed_ship_asw_slot = torpedo_ww
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_armament_medium_ww
				front_2_custom_slot = ship_AA_gun_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = torpedo_ww
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_subkiller_0
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 065 Jiangnan" # Frigate (Patrol)
			type = screen_hull_medium_0
			parent_version = 0
			name_group = MTG_PLACEHOLDER_TREES
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_surface_radar_slot = maritime_ta_fcs_2
				fixed_sonar_slot = maritime_sonar_0
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = screen_engine_light_1
				fixed_ship_asw_slot = torpedo_ww
				fixed_ship_countermeasure_slot = countermeasures_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_armament_medium_1
				front_2_custom_slot = ship_armament_light_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = torpedo_ww
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_AA_gun_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 053K" # Frigate (Patrol)
			type = screen_hull_medium_1
			parent_version = 0
			name_group = MTG_PLACEHOLDER_TREES
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_surface_radar_slot = maritime_ta_fcs_2
				fixed_sonar_slot = maritime_sonar_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = screen_engine_light_1
				fixed_ship_asw_slot = torpedo_small_1
				fixed_ship_countermeasure_slot = countermeasures_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_armament_medium_2
				front_2_custom_slot = ship_armament_light_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = torpedo_small_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_AA_gun_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 033" # Romeo Class
			type = sub_hull_ww
			parent_version = 0
			name_group = MTG_PLACEHOLDER_AQUATIC_CREATURES
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_surface_radar_slot = maritime_ta_fcs_1
				fixed_sonar_slot = maritime_sonar_0
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_engine_ww
				front_1_custom_slot = sub_torpedo_small_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = sub_torpedo_small_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 035" # Chinese Version
			type = sub_hull_small_single_2
			parent_version = 0
			name_group = MTG_PLACEHOLDER_AQUATIC_CREATURES
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_surface_radar_slot = maritime_ta_fcs_3
				fixed_sonar_slot = maritime_sonar_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_engine_alpha_2
				front_1_custom_slot = sub_torpedo_small_2
				front_2_custom_slot = sub_torpedo_large_2
			}
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 053H" # Frigate (Patrol)
			type = screen_hull_medium_2
			parent_version = 0
			name_group = MTG_PLACEHOLDER_TREES
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_surface_radar_slot = maritime_ta_fcs_3
				fixed_sonar_slot = maritime_sonar_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = screen_engine_light_1
				fixed_ship_asw_slot = torpedo_small_2
				fixed_ship_countermeasure_slot = countermeasures_3
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_armament_medium_2
				front_2_custom_slot = ship_armament_light_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = torpedo_small_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_SAM_mid_range_0
			}
		}
	}
}
1981.6.27 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = socialist
		elections_allowed = no
		last_election = "1977.8.18"
		election_frequency = 60
	}
	set_popularities = { 
		democratic = 2
		communism = 7
		fascism = 0
		nationalist = 3
		monarchism = 0
		neutrality = 8
		islamism = 0
		radical_shiaism = 0
		Social_Democratic = 10
		Social_Liberalism = 0
		Salafism = 0
		Liberal_Conservatism = 0
		conservative = 0
		Christian_Democratic = 0
		socialist = 39
		centrist = 0
		liberal = 0
		trotskyism = 26
		maoism = 5
	}
	retire_character = PRC_Deng_Xiaoping
	retire_character = PRC_Hua_Guofeng
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Unknown_character
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = scientific_socialism
			expire = "1989.4.15.1"
			traits = {
				
			}
		}
	}
    add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Hu_Yaobang
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = Socialism_with_Chinese_Characteristics_soc
			expire = "1989.4.15.1"
			traits = {
				
			}
		}
	}
	remove_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Unknown_character
		ideology = revolutionary_socialism
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Deng_Liqun
		promote_leader = yes
	    country_leader = {
		    ideology = Socialism_with_Chinese_Characteristics_tro
		    expire = "2015.2.10.1"
		    traits = {
						
		    }
	    }
	}
	set_cosmetic_tag = PRC_SwCC
}
1987.10.25 = {
	retire_character = PRC_Hu_Yaobang
    add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Zhao_Ziyang
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = Socialism_with_Chinese_Characteristics_soc
			expire = "2005.1.17.1"
			traits = {
				
			}
		}
	}
}
1989.6.9 = {
	retire_character = PRC_Zhao_Ziyang
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Jiang_Zemin
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = Socialism_with_Chinese_Characteristics_soc
			expire = "2022.11.30.1"
			traits = {
					
			}
		}
	}
}
1992.10.20 = {
	set_popularities = { 
		democratic = 2
		communism = 3
		fascism = 0
		nationalist = 3
		monarchism = 0
		neutrality = 3
		islamism = 0
		radical_shiaism = 0
		Social_Democratic = 8
		Social_Liberalism = 0
		Salafism = 0
		Liberal_Conservatism = 0
		conservative = 0
		Christian_Democratic = 0
		socialist = 52
		centrist = 0
		liberal = 0
		trotskyism = 23
		maoism = 6
	}
	set_research_slots = 4
}
2002.10.20 = {
	retire_character = PRC_Jiang_Zemin
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Hu_Jintao
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = Socialism_with_Chinese_Characteristics_soc
			expire = "2013.3.20.1"
			traits = {
					
			}
		}
	}
}


